chore(grid): update form template documentation and sample (#1740)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/templates/popup-form-template.md

# Popup Form Template

With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the Grid. 

>caption In this article:
* [Basics](#basics)
* [Specifics](#specifics)
* [Example](#example)

> ## Basics

Reviewer: You must love short and generic headings :)
Why not aim for something loaded with more information? For example, ## Using the Popup Form Template. What is the value of "Basics" in terms of SEO?

> ## Basics

Author: ```suggestion
## Using the Popup Form Template
```

1. Declare the desired custom content inside the `<FormTemplate>` inner tag of the `<GridPopupEditFormSettings>`. For example, [`TelerikForm`]({%slug form-overview%}) or [`EditForm`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/forms/?view=aspnetcore-7.0).

> 1. The `FormTemplate` provides `context` of type `object`. Cast that to your model, so you can pass it to the custom form.

Reviewer: Is `context` a property?
```suggestion
1. The `FormTemplate` provides a `context` property of type `object`. To pass that property to the custom form, cast it to your model.
```

Author: It's more of an object but I want to avoid repeating that. I will refactor this sentence.

> 1. (optional)Use the `Context` attribute of the `<FormTemplate>` tag to set the name of the context variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (optional) Use the `Context` attribute of the `<FormTemplate>` tag to set the name of the `context` variable.
```

## Specifics

When using the template, the default Popup form is replaced by the declared content within the `FormTemplate` tag. This introduces the following specifics:

> * The default `Update` and `Cancel` buttons are removed. This means the [`OnUpdate` and `OnCancel`]({%slug components/grid/editing/overview%}#events) events cannot be triggered. To modify or cancel the update of a record, you need to include custom controls to manage these actions.

Reviewer: UI element labels are [rendered in **bold**](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/element-formatting).
```suggestion
* The default **Update** and **Cancel** buttons are removed. This means that the [`OnUpdate` and `OnCancel`]({%slug components/grid/editing/overview%}#events) events cannot be triggered. To modify or cancel the update of a record, you need to include custom controls to manage these actions.
```

> * The [`<GridPopupEditFormSettings>` parameters]({%slug components/grid/editing/popup%}#edit-form-customization) do not apply to a custom `TelerikForm` that you may render inside the `<FormTemplate>` tag. Set the desired Form configurations such as `Columns`, `Orientation` and more on the [Form component]({%slug form-overview%}#form-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [`<GridPopupEditFormSettings>` parameters]({%slug components/grid/editing/popup%}#edit-form-customization) do not apply to a custom `TelerikForm` that you may render inside the `<FormTemplate>` tag. Set the desired Form configurations such as `Columns`, `Orientation`, and more on the [Form component]({%slug form-overview%}#form-parameters).
```
